Quote  : Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
Author : Marie Curie
Quote  : He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
Author : Friedrich Nietzsche
Quote  : Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Author : Buddha
Quote  : We do not remember days, we remember moments.
Author : Cesare Pavese
Quote  : Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans.
Author : John Lennon
Quote  : The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed.
Author : Eminem
Quote  : Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.
Author : Steve Jobs
Quote  : Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
Author : Harvey Fierstein
Quote  : Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor.
Author : Sholom Aleichem
Quote  : Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?
Author : Bob Marley
Quote  : When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, 'I used everything you gave me'.
Author : Erma Bombeck
Quote  : Life is a song - sing it. Life is a game - play it. Life is a challenge - meet it. Life is a dream - realize it. Life is a sacrifice - offer it. Life is love - enjoy it.
Author : Sai Baba
Quote  : Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
Author : William Wallace
Quote  : We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
Author : E. M. Forster
Quote  : I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.
Author : Henry David Thoreau
Quote  : Don't go through life, grow through life.
Author : Eric Butterworth
Quote  : The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
Author : Robert Byrne
Quote  : Ships that pass in the night, and speak each other in passing, only a signal shown, and a distant voice in the darkness; So on the ocean of life, we pass and speak one another, only a look and a voice, then darkness again and a silence.
Author : Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Quote  : Life is a mirror and will reflect back to the thinker what he thinks into it.
Author : Ernest Holmes
Quote  : You're only here for a short visit. Don't hurry, don't worry. And be sure to smell the flowers along the way.
Author : Walter Hagen
Quote  : A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.
Author : Jackie Robinson
Quote  : How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.
Author : George Washington Carver
Quote  : Life ought to be a struggle of desire toward adventures whose nobility will fertilize the soul.
Author : Rebecca West
Quote  : A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
Author : Charles Darwin
Quote  : I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
Author : Arthur Rubinstein
Quote  : All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on.
Author : Havelock Ellis
Quote  : If you live long enough, you'll make mistakes. But if you learn from them, you'll be a better person. It's how you handle adversity, not how it affects you. The main thing is never quit, never quit, never quit.
Author : William J. Clinton
Quote  : Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are travelling the dark journey with us. Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind.
Author : Henri Frederic Amiel
Quote  : You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
Author : Albert Camus
Quote  : We live in a rainbow of chaos.
Author : Paul Cezanne
Quote  : Life is 10 percent what you make it, and 90 percent how you take it.
Author : Irving Berlin
Quote  : Growth is the only evidence of life.
Author : John Henry Newman
Quote  : The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Author : Scott Hamilton
Quote  : We can't plan life. All we can do is be available for it.
Author : Lauryn Hill
Quote  : Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Author : George Bernard Shaw
Quote  : Life is never easy for those who dream.
Author : Robert James Waller
Quote  : Surprise is the greatest gift which life can grant us.
Author : Boris Pasternak
Quote  : It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family.
Author : Philip Green
Quote  : Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.
Author : Grandma Moses
Quote  : Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
Author : Edmund Burke
Quote  : Make space in your life for the things that matter, for family and friends, love and generosity, fun and joy. Without this, you will burn out in mid-career and wonder where your life went.
Author : Jonathan Sacks
Quote  : Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Author : Soren Kierkegaard
Quote  : Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Author : Mark Twain
Quote  : I slept and dreamt that life was joy. I awoke and saw that life was service. I acted and behold, service was joy.
Author : Rabindranath Tagore
Quote  : Life is a lot like jazz... it's best when you improvise.
Author : George Gershwin
Quote  : You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Author : Winston Churchill
Quote  : Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.
Author : Lou Holtz
Quote  : Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Author : Marcus Aurelius
Quote  : Life is a lively process of becoming.
Author : Douglas MacArthur
Quote  : Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
Author : Dalai Lama
Quote  : A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
Author : George Bernard Shaw
Quote  : Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them - that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like.
Author : Lao Tzu
Quote  : The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much.
Author : William Hazlitt
Quote  : Life isn't a matter of milestones, but of moments.
Author : Rose Kennedy
Quote  : What do we live for, if not to make life less difficult for each other?
Author : George Eliot
Quote  : Life is a zoo in a jungle.
Author : Peter De Vries
Quote  : Into each life some rain must fall.
Author : Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Quote  : The most satisfying thing in life is to have been able to give a large part of one's self to others.
Author : Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
Quote  : I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.
Author : E. B. White
Quote  : We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from life.
Author : William Osler
